US Platform and Infrastructure Team,

Please check trailing email below for out of office notifications.

If you are out of office for any reasons, your calendar should be blocked as out of office and automatic replies should be turned on.
Please note following from below email.

7.	Whether time off is planned or unplanned, all staff must turn on their automatic replies.  We have noticed many different variations/styles of out of office replies.  Going forward please use the standard reply as follows:

Thanks,
Vishwajit Ilamkar | US Platform Services Manager
Office: +1 646 851 2972 | Mobile/Cell: +1 203 543 6706
Email: vilamkar@cintra.com
        


From: Leana Patel <lpatel@cintra.com> 
Sent: Thursday, November 12, 2020 11:28 AM
To: all <all@cintra.com>
Subject: CINTRA GLOBAL>>TIME OFF PROCEDURE AND OUT OF OFFICE

Dear Cintra Team,

There appears to be a misunderstanding of Cintra’s time off procedure.  As a reminder the process for booking leave is as follows:-

1.	Requests for scheduled paid time off, (which includes dental appointments, doctor’s appointments, days off or half day’s) should be made to your line manager via purelyhr.  Please do not email your requests.
2.	For planned time off, staff who wish to take one week or less, must provide a minimum of 2 week’s-notice.  For vacation requests in excess of 1 week, staff must provide one month’s notice.
3.	The requested vacation may be approved or denied at the company’s i.e. line manager’s sole discretion.  This will ultimately be based on business needs and the number of staff available for coverage within the department.
4.	Only two people from a department can take the same week off.  Any exception to this rule is at the line manager’s discretion.
5.	Upon line manager approval through purelyhr, it is recommended that staff enter dates onto a shared departmental calendar.  Department managers will send over details shortly.
6.	There will be flexibility for unplanned/emergency leave that needs to be taken on a particular day.  In these circumstances, employees should email their line manager and hr@cintra.com,  1 hour before start of work.  For example by 8am.  On return to work, please ensure you have updated purelyhr.
7.	Whether time off is planned or unplanned, all staff must turn on their automatic replies.  We have noticed many different variations/styles of out of office replies.  Going forward please use the standard reply as follows:

“I am out of the office starting (start date e.g. Thursday November 12) through (end date e.g. Friday November 13) returning (return date e.g. Monday November 16).  If you need immediate assistance during my absence, please contact (contact’s name) at (contact’s email).  Otherwise, I will respond to your email as soon as possible upon my return.  Thank you for your message”

If you are away for half a day please indicate morning or afternoon.  For example:

“I am out of the office morning of Thursday November 11, returning in the afternoon.    If you need immediate assistance during my absence, please contact (contact’s name) at (contact’s email).  Otherwise, I will respond to your email as soon as possible upon my return.  Thank you for your message”
(Further, please ensure that your contacts are available during the period you are away).

If you have any questions or require further clarification, please do not hesitate to contact me.  

Thanks,
Leana 
